GE issue 1268 (#33049)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/enterprise/_index.md

Grafana Enterprise is a commercial edition of Grafana that includes additional features not found in the open source version.

Building on everything you already know and love about Grafana open source, Grafana Enterprise includes [exclusive datasource plugins]({{< relref "#enterprise-plugins">}}) and [additional features]({{< relref "#enterprise-features">}}). On top of that you get 24x7x365 support and training from the core Grafana team.

> To learn more about Grafana Enterprise, refer to [our product page.](https://grafana.com/enterprise)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To learn more about Grafana Enterprise, refer to the [Grafana Enterprise Stack](https://grafana.com/enterprise) product page.
```
